README.md, before:

# Vimari - Keyboard Shortcuts extension for Safari

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/danielcompton/vimari/workflows/Node%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/danielcompton/vimari/actions)

[![Download on the Mac App Store](assets/Download_on_the_Mac_App_Store_Badge_US.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vimari/id1480933944?ls=1&mt=12)

Vimari is a Safari extension that provides keyboard based navigation.
The code is heavily based on [vimium](https://github.com/philc/vimium), a
Chrome extension that provides much more extensive features.

Vimari attempts to provide a lightweight port of vimium to Safari, taking the
best components of vimium and adapting them to Safari.

![Screenshot](assets/screenshot.png)

## Releases

### Safari 12 and 13

[![Download on the Mac App Store](assets/Download_on_the_Mac_App_Store_Badge_US.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vimari/id1480933944?ls=1&mt=12)

### Safari 11 and below (DEPRECATED)
 - [v1.13](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.13)
 - [v1.12](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.12)
 - [v1.11](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.11)
 - [v1.10](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.10)
 - [v1.9](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.9)

## Installation

### Safari 12 and 13 (macOS Mojave and Catalina)

#### Mac App Store

1. [Download Vimari](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vimari/id1480933944?ls=1&mt=12) for free from the Mac App Store
2. Launch Vimari.app
3. Click "Open in Safari Extensions Preferences...", Safari's Extension Preferences should open
4. Make sure that the checkbox for the Vimari extension is ticked
5. Go back to Vimari.app and press the reload button to check the status of the app. If it says "Enabled" then it is ready.
6. You may need to relaunch Safari for the extension to work

#### Prebuilt binaries

1. Download the [latest version](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/latest) of Vimari
2. Unzip it
3. Move it to your `/Applications` folder
4. Launch Vimari.app
5. Click "Open in Safari Extensions Preferences...", Safari's Extension Preferences should open
6. Make sure that the checkbox for the Vimari extension is ticked
7. Go back to Vimari.app and press the reload button to check the status of the app. If it says "Enabled" then it is ready.
8. You may need to relaunch Safari for the extension to work



### Safari 11 (legacy Safari Extension method)

[Download the Vimari 1.13](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.13) and double-click
the file.

## Usage

### Settings
**Command Prefix** - Modifier key to hold down with your action key. If
you leave it blank you don't need to hold down anything (default
setting).

**Excluded URLs** - Comma separated list of website URLs you don't want
to use vimari with. To exclude GitHub for example, provide the value
`github.com` or `http://github.com`. It's smart and should handle all
possible domain cases.

**Link Hint Characters** - Allowed characters to be used when generating
link shortcuts.

**Extra detection by cursor style** - Detect clickable links by looking
for HTML elements having cursor style set to "pointer".

**Scroll Size** - How much each scroll will move on the page.

### Keyboard Bindings

#### In-page navigation
    f       Toggle links
    F       Toggle links (open link in new tab)
    k       Scroll up
    j       Scroll down
    h       Scroll left
    l       Scroll right
    u       Scroll up half page
    d       Scroll down half page
    g g     Go to top of page
    G       Go to bottom of page

#### Page/Tab navigation
    H       History back
    L       History forward
    r       Reload
    w       Next tab
    q       Previous tab
    x       Close current tab
    t       Open new tab

## License

Copyright (C) 2011 Guy Halford-Thompson. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Update documentation for known limitations, and confirm Vimari can be built on the latest macOS/xcode.

README.md, after:

# Vimari - Keyboard Shortcuts extension for Safari

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/danielcompton/vimari/workflows/Node%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/danielcompton/vimari/actions)

[![Download on the Mac App Store](assets/Download_on_the_Mac_App_Store_Badge_US.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vimari/id1480933944?ls=1&mt=12)

Vimari is a Safari extension that provides keyboard based navigation.
The code is heavily based on [vimium](https://github.com/philc/vimium), a
Chrome extension that provides much more extensive features.

Vimari attempts to provide a lightweight port of vimium to Safari, taking the
best components of vimium and adapting them to Safari.

![Screenshot](assets/screenshot.png)

## Releases

### Safari 12 and 13

[![Download on the Mac App Store](assets/Download_on_the_Mac_App_Store_Badge_US.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vimari/id1480933944?ls=1&mt=12)

### Safari 11 and below (DEPRECATED)
 - [v1.13](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.13)
 - [v1.12](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.12)
 - [v1.11](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.11)
 - [v1.10](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.10)
 - [v1.9](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.9)

## Installation

### Safari 12 and 13 (macOS Mojave and Catalina)

#### Mac App Store

1. [Download Vimari](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vimari/id1480933944?ls=1&mt=12) for free from the Mac App Store
2. Launch Vimari.app
3. Click "Open in Safari Extensions Preferences...", Safari's Extension Preferences should open
4. Make sure that the checkbox for the Vimari extension is ticked
5. Go back to Vimari.app and press the reload button to check the status of the app. If it says "Enabled" then it is ready.
6. You may need to relaunch Safari for the extension to work

#### Prebuilt binaries

1. Download the [latest version](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/latest) of Vimari
2. Unzip it
3. Move it to your `/Applications` folder
4. Launch Vimari.app
5. Click "Open in Safari Extensions Preferences...", Safari's Extension Preferences should open
6. Make sure that the checkbox for the Vimari extension is ticked
7. Go back to Vimari.app and press the reload button to check the status of the app. If it says "Enabled" then it is ready.
8. You may need to relaunch Safari for the extension to work

### Safari 11 (legacy Safari Extension method)

[Download the Vimari 1.13](https://github.com/guyht/vimari/releases/tag/v1.13) and double-click
the file.

## Usage

### Settings
**Command Prefix** - Modifier key to hold down with your action key. If
you leave it blank you don't need to hold down anything (default
setting).

**Excluded URLs** - Comma separated list of website URLs you don't want
to use vimari with. To exclude GitHub for example, provide the value
`github.com` or `http://github.com`. It's smart and should handle all
possible domain cases.

**Link Hint Characters** - Allowed characters to be used when generating
link shortcuts.

**Extra detection by cursor style** - Detect clickable links by looking
for HTML elements having cursor style set to "pointer".

**Scroll Size** - How much each scroll will move on the page.

### Keyboard Bindings

#### In-page navigation
    f       Toggle links
    F       Toggle links (open link in new tab)
    k       Scroll up
    j       Scroll down
    h       Scroll left
    l       Scroll right
    u       Scroll up half page
    d       Scroll down half page
    g g     Go to top of page
    G       Go to bottom of page

#### Page/Tab navigation
    H       History back
    L       History forward
    r       Reload
    w       Next tab
    q       Previous tab
    x       Close current tab
    t       Open new tab

## Known Limitations

There are some limitations in the Safari extensions API, which in turn
limit Vimari. 

1. On an "Empty Page", a "Top Sites" page, a "Favourites" page, 
or a page which doesn't load like localhost, Vimari is not injected, 
and cannot provide any keyboard shortcuts. To work around this, use
the regular Safari shortcuts for navigating away from a new window
or new tab.

## License

Copyright (C) 2011 Guy Halford-Thompson. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
